Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to talk about roles now.
What we're going to be doing this lecture is we are going to have to box and those two box are going
to be displayed horizontally.
That is from left to right.
So now what we can do is we can get rid of this pattern we widget.
But before then we can add the critical mass of here to know where it ends.
Now use control and save.
And now we can then get rid of it.
Or via.
And it's ends.
Yeah.
Now, in order to display widgets horizontally, that is from left to right, we are going to be using
the widget known as Row.
The row can take multiple widgets, so it asks this to drain as its property.
And the first child is going to be a container.
And we can give this container a width.
That is how wide is going to be a width of red and as well how long is going to be that is the height
and we can give it 50 and now we can give a color to this container.
We can say colors dot pink that is controlled save.
You're going to see it over here.
OC as well.
We can add the newcomer and have another container or another box.
As well.
We can give this a width of hundred.
Had a height of 50.
And now we can say color.
It's going to be colors the black.
Okay.
You concur, and that's save.
And you're going to see it over here.
Okay, now we can give space between these two box.
So over here, we can use a widget node as sized box.
Now we are given the space.
Horizontally.
So this is going to be width.
Weeds of pain.
How do you recover and lose control?
And that's the save.
Okay.
We can even say.
20.
So this is going to go more wider.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.